Add steps for authenticating to clouds locally using the CLI (#1593)
astronomer/docs: astro/secrets-backend.md

While secret values of Airflow variables and connections are encrypted in the Airflow metadata database of every Deployment, Astronomer recommends integrating with a secrets backend tool.

:::tip

> This document describes how to set up a secrets backend on the Astro data plane for production use. To quickly test a secrets backend locally with the Astro CLI, see [Authenticate to cloud services](cli/authenticate-to-clouds.md).

Author: We should mention "user credentials" somewhere here.

> This document describes how to set up a secrets backend on the Astro data plane for production use. To quickly test a secrets backend locally with the Astro CLI, see [Authenticate to cloud services](cli/authenticate-to-clouds.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes how to set up a secrets backend on the Astro data plane for production use. To quickly test a secrets backend locally using your own cloud credentials and the Astro CLI, see [Authenticate to cloud services](cli/authenticate-to-clouds.md).
```
